Add the random trace id flag (#474)
w3c/distributed-tracing: spec/60-trace-id-format.md

also allows tracing vendors to base sampling decisions on `trace-id` field value
and avoid propagating an additional sampling context.

> If the `random-trace-id` flag is set, the right-most 7 bytes of the

Reviewer: Similar to my other comment, do we want to add the "at least" qualifier here as well?

> If the `random-trace-id` flag is set, the least significant 7 bytes of the

Reviewer 2: The terminology "least significant" does not apply to a byte sequence. "right-most" is fine.

> If the `random-trace-id` flag is set, the least significant 7 bytes of the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the `random-trace-id` flag is set, the right-most 7 bytes of the
```
